Docs/grammarly check (#479)
chakra-ui/chakra-ui-vue: website/pages/image.mdx

## Fallback support

You can provide a fallback image for when there is an error loading the `src` of

> the image. You can also opt-out of this behavior bypassing the `ignoreFallback`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the image. You can also opt-out of this behavior by passing the `ignoreFallback`
```
